7 Days Heritage & Cultural Escape

Detailed Itinerary.

Day 01: Explore Lahore.

Pickup from the airport. Check in. Rest for some time. 
will visit Lahore Fort (Built in 1566 by Mughal Emperor), Badshahi Mosque (Built in 1673 by Mughal Emperor and 3rd largest mosque of Pakistan), Drive to Walled City (Androon Lahore). Visit Wazir Khan Mosque, Shahi Hamam, Sheesh Mahal, and the Fountain lounge (450 years old).
Dinner at famous Haveli Restaurant.
Night stay in Lahore.

Day 02: Explore Lahore.

Breakfast at hotel. Will visit the Tomb of Jahangir (built by the Mughal emperor in 1627), Shalamar garden (Built in 1642) Visit the Sufi Shrine of Shah Jamal and Wahga Border (India Pakistan border).
And anything that comes on the way according to time will make sure we explore as much as we can.
Night stay in Lahore.

Day 03: Lahore to Islamabad (4 hour drive).

Breakfast at 7:30 am. Drive towards Islamabad.
Visit Katas Raj Temple (1500 years old sacred Hindu temple).
Visit the world's biggest Pink Salt Mine (Himalayan Salt) aka Khewra salt mine.
Reached Islamabad.
Night stay in Islamabad.

Day 04: Visit Islamabad and head towards Peshawar (2 hour drive).

Breakfast. Visit Lok virsa Heritage Museum, Visit Pakistan Monument and Faisal Mosque.
Drive to Peshawar. Night stay in Peshawar.

Day 05: Visit Peshawar.

Breakfast at hotel. Visit the old City of Peshawar. Visit Sethi House (renowned 19th-century haveli (mansion) built by the prosperous Sethi trading family). And also Peshawar is a heaven for meat lovers. If you're not a vegetarian, then you can feel the aroma on the streets of Peshawar.
Night stay in Peshawar.

Day 06: Peshawar to Islabamabad (2 hours drive).

Breakfast at hotel. Departure for islamabad. Reached islamabad.
check in. night stay in islamabad.

Day 07: Drop off at airport.

Departure for airport. Drop off.
End of the services.

Services Included:

Airport Transfers.
Breakfast.
Dinners.
Entry tickets.
Transportaion (Sedan).
Fuel & tolls.
English speaking Guide.

Services not included:

Laundary.
Lunch.
any expense that is not mentioned in services included section.